Update Things.md in order to show exampels for file created things an… (#888)
openhab/openhab-docs: configuration/things.md

Things can also be defined manually by creating `.things` configuration text files.
These files are stored in `$OPENHAB_CONF/things`.

The syntax for `.things` files is defined as follows (parts in `<..>` are required):

```xtend
Thing <binding_id>:<type_id>:<thing_id> "Label" @ "Location" [ <parameters> ]
```

> The first keyword defines whether the entry is a bridge or a thing. The next statement defines the UID of the thing which contains of the following three segments: binding id, thing type id, thing id. So the first two segments must match to thing type supported by a binding (e.g. `network:device` or `astro:moon`), whereas the thing id can be freely defined. Optionally, you may provide a label in order to recognize it easily, otherwise the default label from the thing type will be displayed.

Reviewer: Could please put each sentence on a line by itself? This makes reviewing further changes much easier, and the website builder takes care of rendering proper paragraphs.

Author: Done.

Things can also be defined manually by creating `.things` configuration text files.
These files are stored in `$OPENHAB_CONF/things`.

The syntax for `.things` files is defined as follows (parts in `<..>` are required):

```xtend
Thing <binding_id>:<type_id>:<thing_id> "Label" @ "Location" [ <parameters> ]
```

The first keyword defines whether the entry is a bridge or a thing. 
The next statement defines the UID of the thing which contains of the following three segments: binding id, thing type id, thing id. 
So the first two segments must match to thing type supported by a binding (e.g. `network:device` or `astro:moon`), whereas the thing id can be freely defined. 
Optionally, you may provide a label in order to recognize it easily, otherwise the default label from the thing type will be displayed.

> To help organizing your things, you also may define a location (here: `Location`).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To help organizing your things, you also may define a location (`Location` in the example above).
```

Author: Agreed on all three changes!
I'll change the spaces in the example after this one.

Signed-off-by: Juergen Baginski opus42@gmx.de (github: JueBag)
